c:\Users\SNH31D3R\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SupermercadoOnline\SupermercadoOnline\SupermercadoOnline\bin\Debug\SupermercadoOnline.dll.config
c:\Users\SNH31D3R\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SupermercadoOnline\SupermercadoOnline\SupermercadoOnline\bin\Debug\SupermercadoOnline.dll
c:\Users\SNH31D3R\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SupermercadoOnline\SupermercadoOnline\SupermercadoOnline\bin\Debug\SupermercadoOnline.pdb
c:\Users\SNH31D3R\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SupermercadoOnline\SupermercadoOnline\SupermercadoOnline\bin\Debug\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Mobile.dll
c:\Users\SNH31D3R\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SupermercadoOnline\SupermercadoOnline\SupermercadoOnline\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\Users\SNH31D3R\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SupermercadoOnline\SupermercadoOnline\SupermercadoOnline\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.dll
c:\Users\SNH31D3R\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SupermercadoOnline\SupermercadoOnline\SupermercadoOnline\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Extensions.dll
c:\Users\SNH31D3R\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SupermercadoOnline\SupermercadoOnline\SupermercadoOnline\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Primitives.dll
c:\Users\SNH31D3R\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SupermercadoOnline\SupermercadoOnline\SupermercadoOnline\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.dll
c:\Users\SNH31D3R\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SupermercadoOnline\SupermercadoOnline\SupermercadoOnline\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.dll
c:\Users\SNH31D3R\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SupermercadoOnline\SupermercadoOnline\SupermercadoOnline\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.dll
c:\Users\SNH31D3R\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SupermercadoOnline\SupermercadoOnline\SupermercadoOnline\bin\Debug\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Mobile.xml
c:\Users\SNH31D3R\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SupermercadoOnline\SupermercadoOnline\SupermercadoOnline\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\Users\SNH31D3R\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SupermercadoOnline\SupermercadoOnline\SupermercadoOnline\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.xml
c:\Users\SNH31D3R\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SupermercadoOnline\SupermercadoOnline\SupermercadoOnline\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Extensions.xml
c:\Users\SNH31D3R\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SupermercadoOnline\SupermercadoOnline\SupermercadoOnline\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Primitives.xml
c:\Users\SNH31D3R\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SupermercadoOnline\SupermercadoOnline\SupermercadoOnline\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.pdb
c:\Users\SNH31D3R\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SupermercadoOnline\SupermercadoOnline\SupermercadoOnline\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.xml
c:\Users\SNH31D3R\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SupermercadoOnline\SupermercadoOnline\SupermercadoOnline\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.pdb
c:\Users\SNH31D3R\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SupermercadoOnline\SupermercadoOnline\SupermercadoOnline\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.pdb
c:\Users\SNH31D3R\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SupermercadoOnline\SupermercadoOnline\SupermercadoOnline\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.xml
c:\Users\SNH31D3R\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SupermercadoOnline\SupermercadoOnline\SupermercadoOnline\obj\Debug\SupermercadoOnline.csproj.App.config
c:\Users\SNH31D3R\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SupermercadoOnline\SupermercadoOnline\SupermercadoOnline\obj\Debug\SupermercadoOnline.Vistas.productos.xaml.g.cs
c:\Users\SNH31D3R\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SupermercadoOnline\SupermercadoOnline\SupermercadoOnline\obj\Debug\SupermercadoOnline.dll
c:\Users\SNH31D3R\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SupermercadoOnline\SupermercadoOnline\SupermercadoOnline\obj\Debug\SupermercadoOnline.pdb
c:\Users\SNH31D3R\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SupermercadoOnline\SupermercadoOnline\SupermercadoOnline\obj\Debug\SupermercadoOnline.Vistas.productoDetalles.xaml.g.cs
C:\Users\SNH31D3R\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SupermercadoOnline\SupermercadoOnline\SupermercadoOnline\obj\Debug\SupermercadoOnline.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\SNH31D3R\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SupermercadoOnline\SupermercadoOnline\SupermercadoOnline\obj\Debug\SupermercadoOnline.dll.mdb
C:\Users\SNH31D3R\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SupermercadoOnline\SupermercadoOnline\SupermercadoOnline\bin\Debug\SupermercadoOnline.dll.mdb
C:\Users\SNH31D3R\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SupermercadoOnline\SupermercadoOnline\SupermercadoOnline\obj\Debug\SupermercadoOnline.dll.mdb
C:\Users\SNH31D3R\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SupermercadoOnline\SupermercadoOnline\SupermercadoOnline\bin\Debug\SupermercadoOnline.dll.mdb
